README.md, before:

# Containers for .NET DEVs

## hello world with Linux containers
see [Getting familiar](Getting_familiar_with_the_cli.md)

## Windows container 101
see ['hello world'  with Windows Containers](Windows_containers.md)


# Prerequisits
- Installed docker
- VS Code with docker extension
- VS 2019

In case you could need some help :smile:

https://github.com/wsargent/docker-cheat-sheet

# References additional material

## Docker related links
- https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/dockerfile_best-practices 
- https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/
- https://github.com/wsargent/docker-cheat-sheet
- https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/
- https://docs.docker.com/engine/docker-overview/
- https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/stevelasker/2018/03/01/docker-tagging-best-practices-for-tagging-and-versioning-docker-images/

## Courses + self learning
- https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/modernizing-dotnet-framework-apps-docker
- https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/- managing-load-balancing-scale-docker-swarm-clusters
- https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/monitoring-containerized-app-health-docker
- https://github.com/microsoft/MCW-Containers-and-DevOps
- https://github.com/microsoft/containerized-microservices-pipeline
- https://dwwx.space/ 
- https://container.training/


## Container deep(er) dive(s)
- Containers from scratch (without docker) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RetLodCL1g 
- Windows containers 101  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZ1Q0zVQRg&list=LLIk3HUe7dEA4QHUC1QO_0Gw&index=72&t=0s
- Windows containers deep dive internals https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/New-Zealand-2016/M402
- Monitoring https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZ1Q0zVQRg&list=LLIk3HUe7dEA4QHUC1QO_0Gw&index=72&t=0s


## Two heros
### Elton
- https://github.com/sixeyed
- https://github.com/sixeyed/docker-on-windows
- https://www.amazon.co.uk/Docker-Windows-Elton-Stoneman-ebook/dp/B0711Y4J9K
- https://de.slideshare.net/sixeyed/presentations
### Stefan
- https://stefanscherer.github.io/
- https://github.com/StefanScherer/dockerfiles-windows


## Linux containers vs Windows containers
- https://xebia.com/blog/deep-dive-into-windows-server-containers-and-docker-part-1-why-should-we-care/
- https://xebia.com/blog/deep-dive-into-windows-server-containers-and-docker-part-2-underlying-implementation-of-windows-server-containers/
- https://xebia.com/blog/deep-dive-into-windows-server-containers-and-docker-part-3-underlying-implementation-of-hyper-v-containers/
- https://xebia.com/blog/windows-containers-care/
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/linux-containers
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/system-requirements

## Building .NET applications
- https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker/tree/master/samples
- https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/using-net-and-docker-together-dockercon-2019-update/
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/generic-host?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://www.hanselman.com/blog/ASPNETCoreArchitectDavidFowlersHiddenGemsIn21.aspx
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/hosted-services?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://github.com/Xabaril/AspNetCore.Diagnostics.HealthChecks
- https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/announcing-azure-pipelines-with-unlimited-ci-cd-minutes-for-open-source/

## networking
- https://success.docker.com/article/networking 
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/container-networking/architecture
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/container-networking/network-drivers-topologies
- https://github.com/docker/labs/blob/master/slides/docker-networking.pdf

## Windows auth
- Create a Container with Active Directory Support​ https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/containerstuff/2017/01/30/create-a-container-with-active-directory-support/​
- Introduction to gMSA​ https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/askpfeplat/2012/12/16/windows-server-2012-group-managed-service-accounts/
- https://myignite.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/65885#ignite-html-anchor

## Addtional tools
- Portainer https://www.portainer.io/
- Visualizer https://github.com/dockersamples/docker-swarm-visualizer
- Dive https://github.com/wagoodman/dive
- DockerCompletion https://github.com/matt9ucci/DockerCompletion

## Alternative(s) and other fancy stuff
- https://www.opencontainers.org/
- https://podman.io/
- https://cri-o.io/
- https://cilium.io/
- https://www.cncf.io/
- https://landscape.cncf.io/
- https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine/blob/master/docs/topics/windows.md
- https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/opensource/2019/03/25/windows-server-containers-now-supported-kubernetes/

Commit message:

Adding build badge and reference to sample project

README.md, after:

# Containers for .NET DEVs

## hello world with Linux containers
see [Getting familiar](Getting_familiar_with_the_cli.md)

## Windows container 101
see ['hello world'  with Windows Containers](Windows_containers.md)


# Prerequisits
- Installed docker
- VS Code with docker extension
- VS 2019

In case you could need some help :smile:

https://github.com/wsargent/docker-cheat-sheet

## Sample project 
see [containers for you](src/Containers.ForYou)

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/containers-for-you/containers-for-you/_apis/build/status/build-containers-for-you?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/containers-for-you/containers-for-you/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)

# References additional material

## Docker related links
- https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/dockerfile_best-practices 
- https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/
- https://github.com/wsargent/docker-cheat-sheet
- https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/
- https://docs.docker.com/engine/docker-overview/
- https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/stevelasker/2018/03/01/docker-tagging-best-practices-for-tagging-and-versioning-docker-images/

## Courses + self learning
- https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/modernizing-dotnet-framework-apps-docker
- https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/- managing-load-balancing-scale-docker-swarm-clusters
- https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/monitoring-containerized-app-health-docker
- https://github.com/microsoft/MCW-Containers-and-DevOps
- https://github.com/microsoft/containerized-microservices-pipeline
- https://dwwx.space/ 
- https://container.training/


## Container deep(er) dive(s)
- Containers from scratch (without docker) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RetLodCL1g 
- Windows containers 101  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZ1Q0zVQRg&list=LLIk3HUe7dEA4QHUC1QO_0Gw&index=72&t=0s
- Windows containers deep dive internals https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/New-Zealand-2016/M402
- Monitoring https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZ1Q0zVQRg&list=LLIk3HUe7dEA4QHUC1QO_0Gw&index=72&t=0s


## Two heros
### Elton
- https://github.com/sixeyed
- https://github.com/sixeyed/docker-on-windows
- https://www.amazon.co.uk/Docker-Windows-Elton-Stoneman-ebook/dp/B0711Y4J9K
- https://de.slideshare.net/sixeyed/presentations
### Stefan
- https://stefanscherer.github.io/
- https://github.com/StefanScherer/dockerfiles-windows


## Linux containers vs Windows containers
- https://xebia.com/blog/deep-dive-into-windows-server-containers-and-docker-part-1-why-should-we-care/
- https://xebia.com/blog/deep-dive-into-windows-server-containers-and-docker-part-2-underlying-implementation-of-windows-server-containers/
- https://xebia.com/blog/deep-dive-into-windows-server-containers-and-docker-part-3-underlying-implementation-of-hyper-v-containers/
- https://xebia.com/blog/windows-containers-care/
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/linux-containers
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/system-requirements

## Building .NET applications
- https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker/tree/master/samples
- https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/using-net-and-docker-together-dockercon-2019-update/
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/generic-host?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://www.hanselman.com/blog/ASPNETCoreArchitectDavidFowlersHiddenGemsIn21.aspx
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/hosted-services?view=aspnetcore-2.2
- https://github.com/Xabaril/AspNetCore.Diagnostics.HealthChecks
- https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/announcing-azure-pipelines-with-unlimited-ci-cd-minutes-for-open-source/

## networking
- https://success.docker.com/article/networking 
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/container-networking/architecture
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/container-networking/network-drivers-topologies
- https://github.com/docker/labs/blob/master/slides/docker-networking.pdf

## Windows auth
- Create a Container with Active Directory Support​ https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/containerstuff/2017/01/30/create-a-container-with-active-directory-support/​
- Introduction to gMSA​ https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/askpfeplat/2012/12/16/windows-server-2012-group-managed-service-accounts/
- https://myignite.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/65885#ignite-html-anchor

## Addtional tools
- Portainer https://www.portainer.io/
- Visualizer https://github.com/dockersamples/docker-swarm-visualizer
- Dive https://github.com/wagoodman/dive
- DockerCompletion https://github.com/matt9ucci/DockerCompletion

## Alternative(s) and other fancy stuff
- https://www.opencontainers.org/
- https://podman.io/
- https://cri-o.io/
- https://cilium.io/
- https://www.cncf.io/
- https://landscape.cncf.io/
- https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine/blob/master/docs/topics/windows.md
- https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/opensource/2019/03/25/windows-server-containers-now-supported-kubernetes/
